feat: manufacturing documentation for v13 (#74)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/reports/consumed-materials-in-production.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Issued Items Against Work Order

To access the Issued Items Against Work Order, go to:

> Home > Manufacturing > Reports > Issued Items Against Work Order

<img class="screenshot" alt="Task" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/manufacturing/items-against-wo.png">

> Items that are issued against a Work Order and are transferred to the Work in Progress Warehouse are shown here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items that are issued against a Work Order and are transferred to the Work in Progress Warehouse are shown in this report.
```
